updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16673)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/hosting.md

  
## In This Section  
 [Hosting in Internet Information Services](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/hosting-in-internet-information-services.md)  

>  Describes how a Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) service is hosted in Internet Information Services or [Windows Server AppFabric](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/aa139632.aspx).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Describes how a Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) service is hosted in Internet Information Services or [Windows Server AppFabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ff384253(v=azure.10)).  
```
